the emotional highlight of the show last
night was when did you see when Glenn
Weiss the director who won for directing
Oscars paid tribute to his late mother
and gave his girlfriend the surprise of
her life Jan you are the sunshine in my
life and mom was right don't ever let go
of your sunshine you wonder why I don't
like to call you my girlfriend because I
want to call you my wife will you marry
me
and I you know I know when wise we work
together a bunch of times and I like his
fiancee I had no idea this was coming
even though I talked to them 10 minutes
before it happened so we tracked the
lovebirds down and joining us now the
newly engaged Glenn Weiss and Jan
Friedlander Svendsen hello Glenn and
gentle and no offense but I never
guessed that the Emmy winner I'd be most
interested in talking to after the show
would be you I mean it's really
remarkable you stole the show last night
and congratulations and condolences on
your mom but also congratulations to
both of you when did you decide you were
gonna do this Glenn well you know it's
been a rough couple of weeks and I think
maybe I got a little more perspective on
life and it just became clear you know
about a week or two ago that I wanted to
do something at some point coming I
didn't think it would happen as quickly
but an opportunity arose Jed did you
have any idea that Glenn was up to
anything as evidenced by my reaction I
think the answer is no idea at all yeah
yeah well either that are you gonna win
the Emmy for best guest performance out
of so what was this is a question I was
wondering as I was seen there what was
the plan if you didn't win last night
what yeah what would you have broken up
definitely not are you letting the fates
decide yeah you know I think last night
was an opportunity that presented itself
because I fortunately did win but I
don't think I was targeting September
17th as a date to do this it happened
and it was great but it could have been
October or November or next 2-3 years
yeah
I don't know people knows but Glenn is
the guy who when people go on too long
with their acceptance speeches will tell
the band to play music to get the winner
off the stage were you at all worried
they were gonna do that to you
yes I was actually really worried about
that haven't been in the seat and no had
those shows function so I really kind of
ran through what I want to say in my
head and then as the night was going on
and I saw how much time I kept editing
and filtering and and just hoping it
wouldn't go too long I would say that
what we talked before your category you
did seem like a little nervous a little
off I will say but what so what's the
plan that's were you are you gonna get
married on the Oscars do you have
another award show we are there Kids
Choice Awards in your future no you know
I think this is so new to both of us and
we haven't stopped doing a thing since
this happened so don't know yet well
it's a great moment
it really was where are you guys right
now well we're here in LA oh you're here
in LA okay um so okay well that's
interesting oh wait a minute
[Applause]
[Music]
go ahead make love for everybody we rent
this area out on Airbnb natural Thank
You Glen and Jeff and congratulations
the boat thank you thank you
give them some privacy will you keep it
down back there - hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you want to see all our latest videos
click the subscribe button and if you
don't click anyway and close your eyes
when they come on